README.md, before:

# jaso_hap - Introduction

초성/중성/종성으로 분리된 한글을 합치기                               

# Version

v1.0.1

# usage 

    $ perl  jaso_hap.pl "ㄱㅛㅇㅠㄱ"                                 
    $ perl  jaso_hap.pl `cat 0.txt`                                  
    $ perl  jaso_hap.pl `cat 0.txt`>1.txt                            
# example
```
[ ~/_sh]$ perl jaso_bunri.pl "핀프라
> "
ㅍㅣㄴㅍㅡㄹㅏ
[ ~/_sh]$ 
[ ~/_sh]$ perl jaso_hap.pl "ㅍㅣㄴㅍㅡㄹㅏ
> "
핀프라
```
# CF        

jaso_bunri.pl은 http://mwultong.blogspot.com/2006/03/perl.html 의 내용을 수정함.


# BUGS

Please report bugs to nowage[at]icloud.com.

# CONTRIBUTING

The github repository is at https://github.com/Finfra/jaso_hap.git

# SEE ALSO

Some other stuff.

# AUTHOR

NamJungGu, <nowage[at]icloud.com>

# COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

(c) Copyright 2005-2014 by finfra.com

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

Commit message:

Enable Excute as Command.
[ ~/_sh]$ chmod +x ./jaso*.pl
[ ~/_sh]$ ./jaso_bunri.pl '핀프라'
Use of the encoding pragma is deprecated at ./jaso_bunri.pl line 12.
ㅍㅣㄴㅍㅡㄹㅏ[ ~/_sh]$
[ ~/_sh]$ ./jaso_hap.pl '핀프라'
Use of the encoding pragma is deprecated at ./jaso_hap.pl line 18.
핀프라[ ~/_sh]$

README.md, after:

# jaso_hap - Introduction

초성/중성/종성으로 분리된 한글을 합치기                               

# Version

v1.0.1

# usage 

    $ perl  jaso_hap.pl "ㄱㅛㅇㅠㄱ"                                 
    $ perl  jaso_hap.pl `cat 0.txt`                                  
    $ perl  jaso_hap.pl `cat 0.txt`>1.txt                            
# example
```
[ ~/_sh]$ perl jaso_bunri.pl "핀프라
> "
ㅍㅣㄴㅍㅡㄹㅏ
[ ~/_sh]$ 
[ ~/_sh]$ perl jaso_hap.pl "ㅍㅣㄴㅍㅡㄹㅏ
> "
핀프라
```
# CF        

jaso_bunri.pl은 http://mwultong.blogspot.com/2006/03/perl.html 의 내용을 수정함.

# todo
아래와 같은 에러 메세지 (perl 명령어와 함께 실행하면 문제 없음.)
```
[ ~/_sh]$ chmod +x ./jaso*.pl
[ ~/_sh]$ ./jaso_bunri.pl '핀프라'
Use of the encoding pragma is deprecated at ./jaso_bunri.pl line 12.
ㅍㅣㄴㅍㅡㄹㅏ[ ~/_sh]$ 
[ ~/_sh]$ ./jaso_hap.pl '핀프라'
Use of the encoding pragma is deprecated at ./jaso_hap.pl line 18.
핀프라[ ~/_sh]$ 
```

# BUGS

Please report bugs to nowage[at]icloud.com.

# CONTRIBUTING

The github repository is at https://github.com/Finfra/jaso_hap.git

# SEE ALSO

Some other stuff.

# AUTHOR

NamJungGu, <nowage[at]icloud.com>

# COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

(c) Copyright 2005-2014 by finfra.com

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.
